---
title: "Infrastructure Subcommittee Meeting 2016.07.20"
---
# Infrastructure Subcommittee Meeting 2016.07.20

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present:

### Meetingpm Times

-   Opened: 8pm
-   Closed: 9pm
-   Next: Wednesday: 31/08

### Items

<https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bjCFTEL_ouzC3_AwAze5yfugorVlv4GMltCGn-3DNRw/edit?usp=sharing>

### Action Items Resulting

     * Move DJ black desk next to laser cutter.
     * LDAP passwords to be applied to laser cutter computers - Nick/Mitch - 27th July goal

### PROPOSALS to the Artifactory Committee Resulting

-   Spend for new laser head assembly for big red (Lemming to arrange price).
-   Another Camera above the laser \$110 + possibly another by near the road.
-   Bulid the shed regardless of what is happening with the lease. Build date needs to be set.
