---
title: Infrastructure Subcommittee Meeting 2016.06.22
description: 
published: true
date: 2022-10-17T16:24:01.454Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-10-17T16:23:53.722Z
---

# Infrastructure Subcommittee Meeting 2016.06.22

## Minutes

### Members Present

-   Present: SKotM SteveH TimG LawrenceD MitchK
-   Observing: RussellC

### Meeting Times

-   Opened: 20:35
-   Closed: 9:15PM
-   Next: Wednesday 20th July 2016

### Items

<https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RQh5hznlZYIQCUfr8z4JMFmqOgpV_A1vmKSKNVz8d3I/edit?usp=sharing>

### Action Items Resulting

     * TG to chase up door sensors with Andrew
     * Cleaning Bee required. SKoT would like it less spiderwebby. This Saturday?

### PROPOSALS to the Artifactory Committee Resulting

-   Spend for new laser head assembly for big red (Lemming to arrange price).
