---
title: 2024-06-08
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-06-08T02:47:47.062Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2024-05-05T01:03:31.476Z
---

# Committee Meeting - 2024-06-08

Previous meeting: [2024-05-04](/minutes/Committee/2024-05-04)

Next meeting: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

Scheduled start: 2024-06-08, 13:00

The table of contents on the left side of the page forms the agenda of this meeting. Agenda must be set 48 hours before start of committee meeting.

# Minutes

## Members Present

* Present: REMOVE NOT PRESENT
    * Ben Connor
    * Fletcher Boyd
    * Johannes Chuah
    * Joshua Rospondek
    * Lewis Yip
    * Renae Currie
    * Tegan Murphy
    
* Apologies: NAMES
* Absent: NAMES
* Observing: NAMES
* Minute taker: NAME
* Chair: NAME

* Quorum present (4 committee members): YES/NO

## Meeting Times

* Opened: OPEN
* Closed: CLOSE

## Review Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting's minutes: [2024-05-04](/minutes/Committee/2024-05-04)

* DISCUSSION

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Accept minutes of previous meeting | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Review Previous Meeting's Action Items

* **Update required**
    * Spondy and JC to look at bass speaker (Rehearsal room)
    * Fletcher - band membership phase out to band subscription.
    * Spondy and Fletcher: Sheet storage audit is due.
    * Stand for A5 flyers for Women on the Tools and for the bar. (Ross will discuss with Fletcher)
    * Renae and Fletcher to finish writing induction checklists.
    * Ben: Grant research

* **Complete**
    * Rebecca Collas advise re Sponsored Membership
    * Fletcher to contact Jason re Supanova.
    * All: Review Loomio thread: Equipment and Infrastructure fund (https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/kJZ7N3lS/equipment-and-infrastructure-fund)
    * Ben: Post letters for donation drive to Loomio for discussion.
    * Fletcher: Post training slots
    * Lewis: Post notification that tool training grace period is over
    * BYO tools policy: Lewis to start Loomio thread
    * Discussion on training booking model to be discussed out of meeting. Fletcher and Ben. Loomio.
    * Lewis: Loomio - Come up with ideas for such sessions. (Tool talks)

### Review Online Motions

| Date raised | Date completed | Motion text            | Outcome                |
| ----------- | -------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| 2024-05-04 | 2024-04-07 | Add Ross Minney to the 3D printer subcommittee | Passed (6 in favour, 1 did not participate) |
| 2024-05-14 | 2024-05-17 | Accept the definition of the Infrastructure and Equipment Fund as it currently stands on the wiki. | Passed (6 in favour, 1 did not participate) |
| 2024-05-14 | 2024-05-17 | Credit Jamie Downs with $8,000 of credit towards membership in exchange for the listed amount of filament+printer. The membership credit is limited as specified. Membership credit restrictions: Membership credit can only be used for membership dues by Jamie Downs, a family household member, or donated towards an Artifactory sponsored membership program. It is not refundable or exchangeable for money under any circumstances. | Passed (6 in favour, 1 did not participate) |
| 2024-05-15 | 2024-05-19 | Waive casual use fees for Women's Woodworking course for Wednesday morning sessions | Passed (7 in favour) |
| 2024-05-22 | 2024-05-26 | Issue Key to Kat Italiano | Passed (6 in favour, 1 did not participate) |
| 2024-05-24 | 2024-05-27 | Issue RFID key for member Cameron Davis | Passed (7 in favour) |
| 2024-05-30 | 2024-05-31 | Issue RFID key to Jessica Johnson | Passed (7 in favour) |


## Correspondence

* CORRESPONDENCE

## Incident Reports

* INCIDENTS - note any that are reported and discuss if needed

## Property Report

* PROPERTY

## Chairperson's Report

* CHAIRPERSON

## Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer's Disclaimer: The numbers below have been calculated in a quick way and have not undergone robust checking as for an Annual Report.

Membership Income for the month is down $1,000 from average. It does historically vary significantly month to month due to billing due dates being on the last day of the month, and members who do not pay regularly. Worth monitoring to ensure it is just an outlier as expected.

| Income May 2024               | Balance       |
| ----------------------------- | ------------- |
| Memberships                   | $3,417.59     |
| Donations                     | $3,387.59     |                 
| **TOTAL Income**              | **$9,718.99** |



| Expenses May 2024             | Balance        |
| ----------------------------- | -------------- |
| Equipment/Infrastructure      | $1,463.42      |
| Lease and running costs       | $5,701.12      |  
| **TOTAL Expenses**            | **$7,820.97**  |

We have a significant amount of membership invoices which are overdue.
- Some members are historically irregular payers.
- Many new members expect memberships to be paid automatically or just never return but continue to be invoiced.
- Some require special effort by the membership officer to send out in particular ways.
- We are also recovering from some administrative errors here a group was double invoiced, so their membership is renewing a month in advance, and some annual invoices which were issued with an incorrect year in the due date.

I'm putting significant hours into reducing the amount showing as overdue. 

Help required: 

1. I have a list of long-standing members who are intermittent payers. Can people with strong relationships with them please volunteer to reach out and encourage them to pay regularly, explaining the importance of regular income, and the time wasted in us following up. Automatic monthly direct bank transfer preferred.

2. New members: We seem to have lost a bit of control over new members who sign up after tours, or at other times when we don't have a chance to conduct workshop inductions. An important part of the induction needs to be that payments are not taken automatically, and they need to set up monthly tranfers, or pay invoices on time as they receive them. Suggestions requested.




| Membership outstanding        | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Not yet due                   | $2,565      |
| Overdue                       | $5,865      |
| -                             | -           |
| Unlikely to recover           | $1,110      |
| Uncertain recovery            | $1,650      |
| Likely to be paid             | $5,670      |
| -                             | -           |
| TOTAL Outstanding             | $8,430      |


Amount in Sponsored student membership accounts includes other funds.

As of 2024-06-03:

| Account                       | Balance     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| Operations                    | $6,938.51   |
| Donations                     | $20,000.00  |
| Sale Program                  | $0.00       |
| Sponsored Student Memberships | $4,099.16   |
|                               |             |
| TOTAL                         | $31,037.67  |



### Expenses for Approval

| Expense                                     | Amount |
| ------------------------------------------- | ------ |
| Metal detector                              | $ 80   |
| 450mm stiff bristle broom for machine room  | $ 40   |
| Large dustpan/brooms Ã— 2                    | $ 10   |



| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| MOTION TEXT | MOVER       | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

### Due invoices

## Membership Report

### Current Status

* Full: 52 (+8)
* Concession: 32 (+4)
* Band: 3 (--)
* Total: 87 (+12)
* ~ 10 members with invoices over 30 days overdue

### New Memberships for approval

| Motion Text                                              | Moved by | Seconded by | Status |
| -------------------------------------------------------- | ----- | -------- | ----------------- |
| Approve Full Membership for Johanna Coenen               | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Ugo Gallet                   | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Concession Membership for Orlando Morris-Johnson | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Maite Guyomarch              | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Concession Membership for Isabella Berridge      | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Facundo Vereertbrugghen      | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for David Bucur                  | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Chris Fisher                 | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Ben Dwyer                    | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Daniel Boyd                  | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Andrew Stok                  | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Shaun Chua                   | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |
| Approve Full Membership for Ruth Casey                   | MOVER | SECONDER | Accepted / Rejected |


## Officer Reports

Reports to be emailed in for review of committee when officer does not attend meeting.

### Event Officer

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Rehearsal Room Coordinators

* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS
* REPORT ITEM
  * DETAILS

### Quartermasters

* Business as usual, slowly working through post-Prusa stock.

### Membership Officers

* Influx of new members, we seem to be meeting inductions but only just.

### Membership Storage Officer

* Requests are being met in a timely fashion.

## Subcommittee Reports

Updates from subcommittees - discussions or requests for action.

### 3D Printers Subcommittee

* Pricing system has largely been established, working on physical labels
* Trainer inductions have gone well
* We are meeting training requests in a timely fashion.

### Laser Subcommittee

* Big Red alignment issues - currently limited by 2nd mirror bracket - remake required.

### IT Subcommittee

* Issues caused by recent power outage

### Promotions Subcommittee

* Flyer / poster / banner design and printing for Supanova

### Associate Memberships Panel

* 1 new sponsored member approved
    * Have they engaging with the space? - follow up
    * Membership hasn't started yet, end of semester etc -Fletcher

### Infrastructure Subcommittee

* New CNC router is nearing completion (thanks Ben Connor, Ben Moore, and Penny!)
  * Machine room and Big Red will need to be taken out of service for 1-2 days during the move.

## Event/Workshop Coordinator Reports

News and discussions on events.

\* Denotes run by non-members

### Tech

* Arduino U - (Coordinators: Blake, Stewart) - Business as usual, Blake was sick but backup hosts stepped in smoothly.
* Open Source Hackers / Perth Linux Users Group (Coordinators: Niall Navin, Nick Bannon) -

### Social

* Talkshop Wednesday (Coordinator: Fletcher, Renae, Lewis) - We've started to establish some expectations internally regarding how events are run. This appears to have improved participation satisfaction.
* Board Game Afternoon (Coordinator: Lewis) - Running normally

### Cosplay and Craft

* Leathercraft Workshops (Coordinator: Andrew L aka Western Leathercraft*) - Was not scheduled

### Music

* DIY Synth (Coordinator: Nathan Thompson, Andrew nonlinearcircuits*) - Running smoothly

### General

* General Hacking Day (Coordinator: Committee) - Business as usual
* Open Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Low attendance but high signup during recent open day, yay
* Metal Monday (Coordinator: Ben) - Kamil's welding sessions have been popular and are bring new-to-event attendees.
* Wednesday Woodworking (Coordinator: Renae) - Business as usual
* Start Making! Beginner's Day (Coordinator: Fletcher) - Did not run
* Work on the Workshop (Coordinator: Lewis) - Did not run

### Other

(new and once off events)



* EVENT NAME (COORDINATOR) - REPORT

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Other Business

> Other business (items not covered by regular meeting sections) may be added to this section until the notice of the committee meeting is given to the committee members, 48 hours before the meeting. 
> 
> Urgent business that has not been described in the notice may be conducted at the meeting if the committee members at the meeting unanimously agree to treat that business as urgent.
>
> Refer s43 of the [constitution](/constitution) regarding *Notice of committee meetings*.
{.is-info}

### Infrastructure and Equipment Fund

* Campaign active

* Thanks to all who have donated!

* As at 2024-06-03 -
    * Pledges: $5,300 from 8 people
    * Direct deposits: $1,240 from 4 people
    
* **Action**: Send invoices / reciepts

### Supanova

Supanova stuff

### Junior Associate Membership category 

There is a [Loomio thread](https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/m6QrRab5/creation-of-new-associate-membership-category-for-under-18s) about creating an associate membership category for people under 18. Consensus seems to be rate to be the same as concession membership, but without voting or keyholding rights.

### Training fees

Charging for laser training for non-members, but not expecting volunteer time has created an inbalance with members who would prefer to pay for training instead of volunteering their time. Discuss either expecting non-members to volunteer as well as paying $15 for laser training, or significantly increasing price for non-member training

* Fletcher: There is an amount of responsible-volunteer time required to onboard new people with how to meaningfully contribute volunteer time. A push to more volunteer time requirements may have an unintended side effect of overburdening responsible-volunteers. 

### Update filament tool usage fees

Loomio thread: https://vote.artifactory.org.au/d/f7A9sciN/change-to-printer-usage-fees

**Currently:**

> Cost basis
> * Weight of part including supports, as printed. (Weigh using the digital scales in the Design Lab.)
> 
> Member rate
> * \$0.05 / gram, rounded up to the nearest \$1.00
> 
> Day Pass rate
> * \$0.15 / gram, rounded up to the nearest \$1.00
> 
> 
> Inclusions
> * Filament
> 
> Exclusions
> * N/A

**Proposed:**

> Cost basis
> 
> * Weight of part including supports/purging as outlined by the slicer. (Use slicer weight but not slicer cost).
> * When a print is cancelled a best effort estimation of filament used should be made using the benchtop scales in the room.
> * Filament is split into tiers based on material cost and equipment wear.
>     * The authoritative reference for filament categorisation is the [filament stock](/tools/3dprinters/filament_stock) page. 
>     * Filament categorisation is determined by the 3D Printers Subcommittee.
> 
> Member rate
> 
> * Tier 1: $0.05 / gram
> * Tier 2: $0.10 / gram
> * Tier 3: $0.15 / gram
> * Tier 4: $0.20 / gram
> 
> Rounded up to the nearest $1.00 at the end of the day.
> 
> Day Pass rate
> 
> * Tier 1: $0.10 / gram
> * Tier 2: $0.20 / gram
> * Tier 3: $0.30 / gram
> * Tier 4: $0.40 / gram
> 
> Rounded up to the nearest $1.00 at the end of the day. $20 minimum.
> 
> Inclusions:
> 
> * Filament (No BYO)
> 
> Exclusions:
> 
> * N/A

#### Motion

| Motion Text | Moved by    | Seconded by       | Status            |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| Update the filament tool usage fees as written | Fletcher | SECONDER          | Accepted/Rejected |

## End of Meeting

Remember to set **next meeting time** before closing meeting!

Also update the pinned message in #committee to say the date of the next meeting.

* Next meeting: NNNN-NN-NN, NN:NN N weeks

Minutes: [NNNN-NN-NN](/minutes/Committee/NNNN-NN-NN)

## Action Summary

* LIST ACTIONS AND ACTIONEES
